# replication-materials-Hongkai040	

### Abstract:

Nowadays many people tend to express more opinions in public spheres associated with polarized sentiments on social media platforms and in most cases these comments are negative. Recent research suggests that the shift toward negative sentiment side does exist and may have to do with echo chamber effect within online communities. A community could be more negative with users of high involvement, and active users could shift to the negativity faster than less active ones. This paper confirms these conclusions and further complement with prior studies by using over 4 million comments from a Chinese movie-rating website, Douban Movie, which is a part of an online community, Douban. We find that users may shift toward the negativity faster at the beginning then slow down. We further analyzed the influence of influx of new users on the emotion state of the community, finding proportion of comments generated by new users positively corresponds to the emotion state of Douban Movie. Built on prior research highlighting the significant detrimental influence of negative feedback to a community, the study further tells that simply banning such behaviors may not be an effective solution to this problem. Finally, the method used in this paper provides a new innovative framework for sentiment analysis using multiple data sources.

### Data:

The whole dataset is over 800MB(over 4 million commments), making it unsuitable for storing on Github. So here a sample of 5000 movie comments is uploaded)

**Link to scraping program and full size dataset**:https://github.com/csuldw/AntSpider

### Code:

**Rating_based_analysis**: `Rating_based_analysis.ipynb`

Rating-based analysis could be run locally,  bu colab is preferred. The code is written in python 3.8.5. and all of its dependencies can be installed by running the following in the terminal (with the `requirements_rating_based.txt` file included in this repository):

```
pip install -r requirements_rating_based.txt
```

Then you can download all the dataset and change all the directories specified in the code into your local machine directory, and run all the cell in sequence to reproduce all the results. 

**Sentiment_based_analysis**: `Model_based_analysis.ipynb`

Sentiment-based analysis could be run locally,  bu colab is preferred. The code is written in python 3.8.5. and all of its dependencies can be installed by running the following in the terminal (with the `requirements_sentiment_based.txt` file included in this repository):

```
pip install -r requirements_sentiment_based.txt
```

Then you can download all the dataset and change all the directories specified in the code into your local machine directory, and run all the cell in sequence to reproduce all the results. 

**Fine-tuning BERT and get sentiment labels**:`Tuning_BERT.ipynb`

The code run on Colab is written in python 3.8.5. **Training ther BERT model on Colab requires a Tesla P100 or better GPU**. All of its dependencies can be installed by running the following in the terminal (with the `requirements_fine_tuning.txt` file included in this repository):

```
pip install -r requirements_fine_tuning.txt
```

Then you can download all the dataset and change all the directories specified in the code into your local machine directory, and run all the cell in sequence to reproduce all the results. 



### How to cite:

```
@software{Hongkai040,
  author       = {Hongkai Mao},
  title        = {macs30200-s22/replication-materials-Hongkai040},
  month        = Jun,
  year         = 2022,
  publisher    = {Github},
  journal      = {Github repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/macs30200-s22/replication-materials-Hongkai040}},
  commit       = {}
}
```
